alive more than four days after his
disappearance Mars had been imprisoned
in a well by the man known as the
origami killer and news of a happy
ending tonight as police commended the
courage and tenacity of Madison page a
reporter covering the origami killer
story miss page was a critical factor in
the successful resolution of this case
our main headline today it is reported
that the police have identified the man
thought to be the origami killer scott
shelby 48 is a former police lieutenant
who claimed to be a private eye hired by
the families of the killers victims
Shelby was killed during a massive
police operation but further details
have not yet been released to the public
let's just say a friend of a friend let
me jump in line if we like it it's ours
hey Dad I think I found my room well
what do you think it's perfect Ethan
will be able to forget what happened
will lead a normal life and one day
it'll all just seem like a bad dream
we've earned the right to be happy now
Ethan all three of us
are you sure you've thought this through
Norman you've got a promising career
ahead of you it's a pity that with all
due respect sir I'm done thinking I need
to lead something like a normal life
I've just got a bit too close to
everything recently I need to step back
at least for a while
will you be coming back to the FBI I
don't know making no promises
you can keep your re if you like this
one's going offline it's a new model due
next month
I
I think you better take it man
it's just a little too
well I won't help me but I'm going
whatever you want I hope you find what
you're looking for in norman i hope so
too
I want to see them again I'm a father